README.md, before:

# scrape-similar

> a chrome extension tools built with Vite + React, and Manifest v3

## Installing

1. Check if your `Node.js` version is >= **14**.
2. Change or configurate the name of your extension on `src/manifest`.
3. Run `npm install` to install the dependencies.

## Developing

run the command

```shell
$ cd scrape-similar

$ npm run dev
```

### Chrome Extension Developer Mode

1. set your Chrome browser 'Developer mode' up
2. click 'Load unpacked', and select `scrape-similar/build` folder

### Nomal FrontEnd Developer Mode

1. access `http://0.0.0.0:3000/`
2. when debugging popup page, open `http://0.0.0.0:3000//popup.html`
3. when debugging options page, open `http://0.0.0.0:3000//options.html`

## Packing

After the development of your extension run the command

```shell
$ npm run build
```

Now, the content of `build` folder will be the extension ready to be submitted to the Chrome Web Store. Just take a look at the [official guide](https://developer.chrome.com/webstore/publish) to more infos about publishing.

---

Generated by [create-chrome-ext](https://github.com/guocaoyi/create-chrome-ext)

Commit message:

feat: add onboarding
Signed-off-by: Kuba Serafinowski <kuba.serafinowski@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# scrape-similar

> a chrome extension tools built with Vite + React, and Manifest v3

## Installing

1. Check if your `Node.js` version is >= **14**.
2. Change or configurate the name of your extension on `src/manifest`.
3. Run `npm install` to install the dependencies.

## Developing

run the command

```shell
$ cd scrape-similar

$ npm run dev
```

### Chrome Extension Developer Mode

1. set your Chrome browser 'Developer mode' up
2. click 'Load unpacked', and select `scrape-similar/build` folder

### Nomal FrontEnd Developer Mode

1. access `http://0.0.0.0:3000/`
2. when debugging popup page, open `http://0.0.0.0:3000//popup.html`
3. when debugging options page, open `http://0.0.0.0:3000//options.html`

## Features

### Onboarding Experience

The extension includes a comprehensive onboarding experience for new users:

- **First Install**: Automatically opens an onboarding guide when the extension is first installed
- **Interactive Slides**: Step-by-step guide covering:
  - Welcome and overview
  - How to pin the extension to the toolbar
  - Keyboard shortcuts (platform-specific: ⌘+Shift+S on Mac, Ctrl+Shift+S on Windows/Linux)
  - Right-click scraping functionality
  - Privacy and security information
- **Multiple Access Points**: Users can access the onboarding from:
  - Settings drawer in the side panel
  - Right-click context menu on any webpage
  - Options page
- **Privacy Policy**: Links to a comprehensive privacy policy

### Core Functionality

- **Web Scraping**: Extract structured data from any website
- **Google Sheets Export**: Direct export to Google Sheets with OAuth2 authentication
- **Multiple Export Formats**: CSV, TSV, and clipboard export options
- **Preset Management**: Save and load scraping configurations
- **System Presets**: Pre-built configurations for common use cases

## Packing

After the development of your extension run the command

```shell
$ npm run build
```

Now, the content of `build` folder will be the extension ready to be submitted to the Chrome Web Store. Just take a look at the [official guide](https://developer.chrome.com/webstore/publish) to more infos about publishing.

---

Generated by [create-chrome-ext](https://github.com/guocaoyi/create-chrome-ext)
